Job Title: 2025 Corporate, Investment Banking and Markets (CIBM) Summer Analyst Program
Company: MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Location: 1251 Ave Of The Americas, New York, NY 10019

Job Description:
 Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?   Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 7th largest financial group in the world. Across the globe, we’re 120,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, building long-term relationships, serving society, and fostering shared and sustainable growth for a better world.   With a vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group, it’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. This means investing in talent, technologies, and tools that empower you to own your career.   Join MUFG, where being inspired is expected and making a meaningful impact is rewarded.  The selected colleague will work at an MUFG office or client sites four days per week and work remotely one day. A member of our recruitment team will provide more details.
   2025 Corporate, Investment Banking & Markets (CIBM) Summer Analyst Program   At MUFG, we strive to create an inclusive environment, where everyone’s perspective is valued. We are committed to diversity and inclusion in our workforce – all students are welcome to apply.   On-the-Job Experience: Our 10-week Corporate, Investment Banking & Markets (CIB & M) Summer Analyst Program is more than just a fascinating insight into MUFG: it is an opportunity to build the foundation for a long, rewarding career!   Our program begins in early June and provides rising seniors with hands-on experience and business exposure in the world of global finance. We will place you with a specific group, which enables you to concentrate and quickly develop valuable skills and knowledge that are essential to becoming an integral part of the team.   You will work alongside MUFG professionals at all levels who will serve as your instructors and mentors. Our summer analysts will support deals and client-focused projects by conducting financial analysis, modeling and research, and assisting with pitch books and presentations. Our program is designed to help you grasp what it’s like to work within a global financial organization and decide where you want to take your career.   Training: After one week of in-depth technical, financial products and/or markets training in New York, you will benefit from working alongside experienced colleagues on meaningful projects and will receive continuing on-the-job training throughout the 10-week program.   Support & Guidance: Our team is committed to your success and will pair you with a mentor/manager who will work with you to set goals, provide professional development, guidance and conduct your performance review. You will also have many opportunities to network with peers, mentors and senior managers through team-building sessions, speakers and other organized events.   In our open and inclusive environment, senior colleagues will know who you are and will see how your work impacts our high-performance culture. At the end of the program, you will leave with a better understanding of global banking/finance and an insider’s perspective that you'll only acquire from serving multinational clients with complex financial needs.   Each summer analyst gets a top-tier mentor in addition to their actual manager. The mentor will provide goals and professional development guidance and conduct performance reviews as a commitment to our summer analysts. At the end of the program, you will obtain a better understanding of your group and how your role can play a part in the success of the bank.  Business Divisions (New York unless indicated differently)   Corporate Banking: Corporate Advisory, Transaction Banking, U.S. Corporate Banking (San Franscisco, CA and New York City)   Investment Banking: Capital Markets, Project Finance, Securitized Products, Sponsored Finance & Direct Lending, Supply Chain Finance   Global Markets: Derivatives/FX Sales, Sales & Trading   View information about our placements groups here   Application Timeline    Application Opens: 8/5/24   Application Closes: 9/6/24   Please note that if you have not received a response from MUFG by 9/16 to invite to a first round interview, your application has not been selected to move forward.    Qualifications     GPA of 3.3 or above is preferred, along with recommended course work in finance, accounting or economics   Undergraduate student, graduating in Winter 2025 or Spring 2026   Strong interest in Corporate Banking, Investment Banking or Global Markets   Technologically savvy and proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word)   Strong verbal, writing, mathematical and statistical skills   Self-starter with strong interpersonal skills and individual initiative, self-discipline and integrity, who exhibits strong leadership qualities and the ability to develop creative solutions   You work well independently as well as in teams, and collaborating with groups across the organization   Applicants must be authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis and not require visa sponsorship now or in the future. MUFG will not hire individuals for internships whose work eligibility is based on their F-1 or other limited student visa status    #Intern   The typical base pay range for this role is between $45 per hour – $45 per hour depending on job-related knowledge, skills, experience and location. Additionally, our Total Rewards program provides colleagues with a competitive benefits package (in accordance with the eligibility requirements and respective terms of each) that includes comprehensive health and wellness benefits, retirement plans, educational assistance and training programs, income replacement for qualified employees with disabilities, paid maternity and parental bonding leave, and paid vacation, sick days, and holidays   A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.  The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.
  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender expression, gender identity, sex, age, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran and military status, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status of an individual or that individual’s associates or relatives that is protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.
