Job Title: Analyst -Accounting Services
Company: OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT & BUDGET
Location: 255 Greenwich Street, Manhattan, NY 10007

Job Description:
               Analyst -Accounting Services                    Apply 
                                    Analyst -Accounting Services                                Agency: OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT & BUDGET                                     Posted on: 06/21/2024 
                                     Job type: Full-time                                     Location        MANHATTAN 
                                     Title Classification: No exam required                                             Department 
        Office of Budget Review 
                                  Salary range: $74,893.00 – $84,257.00 
                         Job Description    
                  TASK FORCE: Accounting Services, Internal Audit, and Single Audit
       
       UNIT: Accounting Services
       
       JOB TITLE: One (1) Analyst / Senior Analyst 
       
       CONTROL CODE: AIA-24-01
       
       SUMMARY:
       
       The Mayor’s Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is the City government’s chief financial agency. OMB’s staff of analysts and experts assemble and oversee the Mayor’s expense and capital budgets, which fund the services and activities of approximately 90 City agencies and entities.
       The Accounting Services, Internal Audit, and Single Audit Task Force comprises the Accounting Services Unit, the Internal Audit Unit, and the Single Audit Unit. The Task Force is responsible for monitoring, interpreting, and applying accounting principles to the City budget, the oversight of the City’s Single Audit, as well as performing internal audits of OMB grant programs and administrative functions. 
       The Accounting Services Unit is responsible for monitoring changes to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and providing advice on its interpretation and application. In conjunction with the City’s Comptroller’s Office, the Unit staff coordinates the annual audits of the City’s financial statements and federal programs which are conducted by an independent CPA firm. The Unit is also involved with the negotiation of grant overhead and fringe benefit reimbursement rates with the Federal government, as well as other cost accounting/cost allocation work and provides accounting and audit related advice to other City and City-related entities as requested.
       
       JOB DESCRIPTION:
       
       The Analyst / Senior Analyst will perform cost accounting activities and other duties which include but are not limited to:
       
       
             Monitoring city agencies to develop their indirect cost rates and cost allocation plans.       Performing detailed reviews of calculations to ensure reasonability and accuracy of results.       Maintaining relationships with staff members at OMB and other City agencies, in particular the City agencies who perform cost allocation calculations, to facilitate the expeditious receipt and accuracy of information.       Knowledge of Federal grant cost principals and keeping abreast of any changes thereto.       Demonstrating and/or acquiring knowledge of Federal OMB’s Uniform Guidance.       Solving accounting related issues together with relevant personnel internally and with outside agencies.       Observing Governmental Accounting Standard Board (GASB) meetings; conducting formal and informal communications with GASB Board members and staff; and maintain involvement with local and national professional organizations of accountants and government finance officials.       Perform ad hoc accounting research and tasks, as needed.                       Minimum Qualifications
           1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college.            Preferred Skills
           QUALIFICATIONS: - Strong interpersonal, organizational, research, analytical, and problem-solving skills. - Excellent technical accounting and auditing research skills. - Ability to write and speak effectively. - Ability to work independently and pay close attention to detail. - Ability to prioritize task and then act on priorities. - Working knowledge of Microsoft Office software, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. - A CPA or CPA candidate is strongly preferred.
      
            Public Service Loan Forgiveness
           As a prospective employee of the City of New York, you may be eligible for federal loan forgiveness programs and state repayment assistance programs. For more information, please visit the U.S. Department of Education’s website at https://studentaid.gov/pslf/.
      
            Residency Requirement
           New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
      
            Additional Information
                The City of New York is an inclusive equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy.                  Minimum Qualifications
         1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college.          Preferred Skills
         QUALIFICATIONS:\n\n-\tStrong interpersonal, organizational, research, analytical, and problem-solving skills.\n-\tExcellent technical accounting and auditing research skills.\n-\tAbility to write and speak effectively.\n-\tAbility to work independently and pay close attention to detail.\n-\tAbility to prioritize task and then act on priorities.\n-\tWorking knowledge of Microsoft Office software, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.\n-\tA CPA or CPA candidate is strongly preferred.
     
          Public Service Loan Forgiveness
         As a prospective employee of the City of New York, you may be eligible for federal loan forgiveness programs and state repayment assistance programs. For more information, please visit the U.S. Department of Education’s website at https://studentaid.gov/pslf/.
     
          Residency Requirement
         New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
     
          Additional Information
             The City of New York is an inclusive equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy.                
                                       Job ID        638712 
                                     Title code 
        06088 
                                            Civil service title 
        BUDGET ANALYST (OMB) 
                                            Title classification 
        Pending Classification-2 
                                            Business title 
        Analyst -Accounting Services 
                                                 Experience level: Entry-Level                                             Job level 
        01 
                                            Number of positions 
        1 
                                            Work location 
        255 Greenwich Street 
                                            Category: Finance, Accounting, & Procurement                            