Job Title: Contract and Procurement Analyst, Bureau of Communicable Diseases
Company: DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE
Location: 42-09 28th Street, Queens, NY 11101

Job Description:
               Contract and Procurement Analyst, Bureau of Communicable Diseases                    Apply 
                                    Contract and Procurement Analyst, Bureau of Communicable Diseases                                Agency: DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE                                     Posted on: 07/18/2024 
                                     Job type: Full-time                                     Location        QUEENS 
                                     Title Classification: Exam may be required                                             Department 
        Communicable Diseases 
                                  Salary range: $65,574.00 – $95,000.00 
                         Job Description    
                  “Open to candidates who are permanent in the civil service title of Procurement Analyst and permanent comparable titles of Principal Administrative Associate III, Associate Staff Analyst, and Associate Contract Specialist. Amended
       
       Established in 1805, the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (the NYC Health Department) is the oldest and largest health department in the country. Our mission is to protect and improve the health of all New Yorkers, in service of a vision of a city in which all New Yorkers can realize their full health potential, regardless of who they are, how old they are, where they are from, or where they live. 
       
       As a world-renowned public health agency with a history of building transformative public health programming and infrastructure, innovating in science and scholarship to advance public health knowledge, and responding to urgent public health crises from New York City’s yellow fever outbreak in 1822, to the COVID-19 pandemic we are a hub for public health innovation, expertise, and programs, and services. We serve as the population health strategist, and policy, and planning authority for the City of New York, while also having a vast impact on national and international public policy, including programs and services focused on food and nutrition, anti-tobacco support, chronic disease prevention, HIV/AIDS treatment, family and child health, environmental health, mental health, and racial and social justice work, among others. 
       
       Our Agency’s five strategic priorities, building off a recently-completed strategic planning process emerging from the COVID-19 emergency, are: 
       1) To re-envision how the Health Department prepares for and responds to health emergencies, with a focus on building a “response-ready” organization, with faster decision-making, transparent public communications, and stronger surveillance and bridges to healthcare systems 2) Address and prevent chronic and diet-related disease, including addressing rising rates of childhood obesity and the impact of diabetes, and transforming our food systems to improve nutrition and enhance access to healthy foods 
       3) Address the second pandemic of mental illness including: reducing overdose deaths, strengthening our youth mental health systems, and supporting people with serious mental illness 
       4) Reduce black maternal mortality and make New York a model city for women’s health 
       5) Mobilize against and combat the health impacts of climate change 
       
       Our 7,000-plus team members bring extraordinary diversity to the work of public health. True to our value of equity as a foundational element of all of our work, and a critical foundation to achieving population health impact in New York City, the NYC Health Department has been a leader in recognizing and dismantling racism’s impacts on the health of New Yorkers and beyond. In 2021, the NYC Board of Health declared racism as a public health crisis. With commitment to advance anti-racist public health practices that dismantle systems that perpetuate inequitable power, opportunity and access, the NYC Health Department continues to work in and with communities and community organizations to increase their access to health services and decrease avoidable health outcomes.
       
       PROGRAM AND JOB DESCRIPTION:
       
       The Bureau of Communicable Disease tracks over 73 infectious diseases and investigates outbreaks in New York City. The Bureau is looking for a qualified candidate who will coordinate all purchase activities for the Bureau of Communicable Disease. 
       
       DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO: 
       
       Assist in the development of procurement implementation plans by procuring all goods and services including office supplies, and prepare related reports for the Bureau. 
       
       Process and track all purchase requisitions for the bureau including purchase orders, contracts and MOU's. 
       
       Utilize the City's FMS System to track and manage the funding details related to the program's available budget. 
       
       Utilize the City's PAYRS and MAVEN systems to track, manage and process invoices. 
       
       Manage P card purchase and payment for the program. 
       
       Assist with processing travel including travel reimbursement requests for program staff, as needed. 
       
       Assist with organizing and coordinating special events and conferences for the program, including acquiring space, food, materials, and other event essentials as needed. 
       
       Coordinate printing of materials for trainings, as needed. 
       
       Develop RFP's, scope of services and budgets for various contracts and grants. 
       
       Liaise with ACCO, Finance, fiscal administrators, and legal staff in executing contracts, budgets, vendor payments and/or personnel related procurement issues. 
       
       Represent the Bureau in meetings with various internal stakeholders, providers, and vendors. 
       
       Develop various procurement tracking reports, tracking spreadsheets and/or administrative reports. 
       
       Assist in responding to various contracting and/or procurement related inquiries. 
       
       Supervise and/or train procurement and contract staff in monitoring, tracking and processing the bureau's purchase requisitions including but not limited to processing purchase orders and contracts and ensuring claims and invoices are processed in a timely manner. 
       
       PREFERRED SKILLS: 
       
       Assist in the development of procurement implementation plans by procuring all goods and services including office supplies, and prepare related reports for the Bureau 
       Process and track all purchase requisitions for the bureau including purchase orders, contracts and MOU's
       Utilize the City's FMS System to track and manage the funding details related to the program's available budget
       Utilize the City's PAYRS and MAVEN systems to track, manage and process invoices
       Manage P card purchase and payment for the program 
       Assist with processing travel requests for program staff, as needed
       Assist with organizing and coordinating special events and conferences for the program, including acquiring space, food, materials and other event essentials as needed
       Coordinate printing of materials for trainings, as needed
       Experience in New York City's contracting process and systems
       Strong knowledge of the City's procurement policy and federal grant rules and regulations 
       Ability to develop RFP's and scope of services. Ability to develop grant budgets and budget related narratives 
       Experience in finance, contract administration and grants management 
       Excellent interpersonal, writing and communication skills 
       Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word and Visio
       Highly organized and exceptionally detail oriented 
       Successful experience working under strict deadlines
       Comfortable with working in multiple automated systems
       
       **IMPORTANT NOTES TO ALL CANDIDATES:
       
       Please note: If you are called for an interview you will be required to bring to your interview copies of original documentation, such as:
       
             A document that establishes identity for employment eligibility, such as: A Valid U.S. Passport, Permanent Resident Card/Green Card, or Driver’s license.              
             Proof of Education according to the education requirements of the civil service title.              
             Current Resume              
             Proof of Address/NYC Residency dated within the last 60 days, such as: Recent Utility Bill (i.e. Telephone, Cable, Mobile Phone)              Additional documentation may be required to evaluate your qualification as outlined in this posting’s “Minimum Qualification Requirements” section. Examples of additional documentation may be, but not limited to: college transcript, experience verification or professional trade licenses.
       
       If after your interview you are the selected candidate you will be contacted to schedule an on-boarding appointment. By the time of this appointment you will be asked to produce the originals of the above documents along with your original Social Security card. 
       
       **LOAN FORGIVENESS
       
       As a prospective employee of the City of New York, you may be eligible for federal loan forgiveness programs and state repayment assistance programs. For more information, please visit the U.S. Department of Education’s website at StudentAid.gov/PSLF.
       
       "FINAL APPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT & BUDGET APPROVAL”
       
       “This position may be eligible for remote work up to two days per week, pursuant to the Remote Work Pilot Program.”
       
       
       
       ________________________________________
                 Minimum Qualifications
           1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and six months of satisfactory full-time professional experience in procurement of goods, services, construction or construction-related services, or professional, technical or administrative experience in contract negotiation/management; or  2. An associate degree or completion of 60 semester credits from an accredited college, and 18 months of satisfactory, full-time professional experience as described in “1” above; or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and two and one-half years of satisfactory full time professional experience as described in “1” above; or  4. A combination of education and/or experience equivalent to “1”, “2”, or “3” above. College education may be substituted for professional experience under “2” or “3” above at the rate of 30 semester credits from an accredited college for 6 months of experience. However, all candidates must have at least a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and 6 months of the experience described in “1” above.  SPECIAL NOTES:  To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level II, individuals must have, after meeting the minimum requirements, either one year served at Assignment Level I or one additional year of the experience described in "1" above.  To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level III, individuals must have, after meeting the minimum requirements, either one year served at Assignment Level II or two additional years of the experience described in "1" above, at least one year of which must have been supervisory, or spent performing professional procurement duties equivalent to those performed at Assignment Level III.            Residency Requirement
           New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
      
            Additional Information
                The City of New York is an inclusive equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy.                  Minimum Qualifications
         1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and six months of satisfactory full-time professional experience in procurement of goods, services, construction or construction-related services, or professional, technical or administrative experience in contract negotiation/management; or  2. An associate degree or completion of 60 semester credits from an accredited college, and 18 months of satisfactory, full-time professional experience as described in “1” above; or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and two and one-half years of satisfactory full time professional experience as described in “1” above; or  4. A combination of education and/or experience equivalent to “1”, “2”, or “3” above. College education may be substituted for professional experience under “2” or “3” above at the rate of 30 semester credits from an accredited college for 6 months of experience. However, all candidates must have at least a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and 6 months of the experience described in “1” above.  SPECIAL NOTES:  To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level II, individuals must have, after meeting the minimum requirements, either one year served at Assignment Level I or one additional year of the experience described in \"1\" above.  To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level III, individuals must have, after meeting the minimum requirements, either one year served at Assignment Level II or two additional years of the experience described in \"1\" above, at least one year of which must have been supervisory, or spent performing professional procurement duties equivalent to those performed at Assignment Level III.          Residency Requirement
         New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
     
          Additional Information
             The City of New York is an inclusive equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy.                
                                       Job ID        642679 
                                     Title code 
        12158 
                                            Civil service title 
        PROCUREMENT ANALYST 
                                            Title classification 
        Competitive-1 
                                            Business title 
        Contract and Procurement Analyst, Bureau of Communicable Diseases 
                                            Posted until 
        2024-07-30 
                                            Experience level: Experienced (non-manager)                                             Job level 
        03 
                                            Number of positions 
        1 
                                            Work location 
        42-09 28th Street 
                                            Category: Finance, Accounting, & Procurement                            