Job Title: Manager, Data Analytics - REMOTE
Company: Molina Healthcare
Location: Long Beach, CA 90802

Job Description:
Job Description 
 Job Summary 
 Manages the activities of the Data Analytics and Reporting team. Performs research and analysis of complex healthcare claims data, pharmacy data, and lab data regarding network utilization and cost containment information. Evaluates, writes, and presents reports and makes recommendations based on relevant findings. Uses advanced mathematical, statistical, querying, and reporting methods to develop solutions. 
 Develops information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance. Designs and implements processes and solutions associated with a wide variety of data sets used for data/text mining, analysis, modeling, and predicting to enable informed business decisions. Gains insight into key business problems and deliverables by applying statistical analysis techniques to examine structured and unstructured data from multiple disparate sources. Collaborates across departments and with customers to define requirements and understand business problems. Uses advanced mathematical, statistical, querying, and reporting methods to develop solutions. Develops information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance. Creates solutions from initial concept to fully tested production and communicates results to a broad range of audiences. Effectively uses current and emerging technologies. 
 Knowledge/Skills/Abilities 
 
 
 Ensure timely creation of Executive and Health plan management reports 
 Ensure data integrity 
 Interact with various departments including, but not limited to, IT; Finance; Claims, Call Centers; and UM. 
 Manages team of Data Analysts 
 Acts as a liaison to all other internal and external customers on behalf of Molina and data management areas 
 Provides day-to-day technical management and mentoring as required of the department staff. 
 Extracts and compiles various sources of information and large data sets from various systems or applications. 
 Set up process for monitoring, tracking and trending information and data using various systems or applications. 
 Prepares well-organized, easily understood reports, analysis, and summary of findings for use by management. 
 Assists in preparation of regularly produced reports to support executive decision-making. 
 Research and analyze report results identifying opportunities and trends. 
 Works with internal, external and enterprise individuals as needed to research, develop, and document new standard reports or processes. 
 Consolidates data from multiple sources, using industry-based tools or manually; able to process data effectively using Microsoft Excel. 
 Supports management and other team members as requested on all things data related. 
 Job Qualifications 
 REQUIRED EDUCATION: Bachelor’s Degree in Math, Finance, Economics, Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and experience 
 REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: 8+ years related experience. 
 2+ years in supervisory and/or management experience in Managed Care or Medicare related field. 
 3+ years in SQL, programming skills, relational database, and financial analysis skills. 
 Strong communication and team/interpersonal skills. 
 Strong leadership capabilities and ability to initiate and maintain cross-team relationships. 
 Knowledge of applicable state, federal and third-party regulations. 
 Excellent organizational and verbal and written communication skills. 
 Ability to establish and maintain positive and effective work relationships with coworkers, clients, and members. 
 PREFERRED EDUCATION: Graduate Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 
 PREFERRED EXPERIENCE: Experience working with Medicaid, Medicare, and Marketplace enrollment data. 
 To all current Molina employees: If you are interested in applying for this position, please apply through the intranet job listing. 
 Molina Healthcare offers a competitive benefits and compensation package. Molina Healthcare is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V. 
Pay Range: $72,370.82 - $156,803.45 / ANNUAL 
 
 Actual compensation may vary from posting based on geographic location, work experience, education and/or skill level. 
