Job Title: Premium Catering Operations Manager, Remote
Company: Delaware North
Location: New York, NY 10023

Job Description:
 The Opportunity    Delaware North's Patina Restaurant Group is searching for a Premium Food and Beverage Manager to join to join Patina Restaurant Group’s PGA of America team. As a Premium Catering Operations Manager, Remote, you will oversee the operations of Food and Beverage during PGA Championship on event days providing memorable experience for our guests.
      The ideal candidate will have off premise catering experience with operations experience and expertise in running large scale special events (2,000+ people) . In addition, they will need to partner with the client on daily requests, problems solving and fixing any issues that arises. This is a remote position with significant travel monthly. Candidate ideally located in New York, Southern California, Boston or Orlando.
    Minimum – Anticipated Maximum Base Salary: $55300 - $74600 / year  In addition to base salary, we offer an annual bonus plan based on company and individual performance, or a role-based, uncapped sales incentive plan. The advertised pay range represents what we believe at the time of this job posting, that we would be willing to pay for this position. Only in special circumstances, where a candidate has education, training, or experience that far exceeds the requirements for the position, would we consider paying higher than the stated range. Information on our comprehensive benefits package can be found at https://careers.delawarenorth.com/whatweoffer.  Benefits     At Delaware North, we care about our team members' personal and professional journeys. These are just some of the benefits we offer:
     Medical, dental, and vision insurance   401(k) with up to 4% company match   Annual performance bonus based on level, as well as individual, company, and location performance   Paid vacation days and holidays   Paid parental bonding leave   Tuition and/or professional certification reimbursement   Generous friends-and-family discounts at many of our hotels and resorts   Responsibilities    Manage and train food and beverage team members in premium areas including suites, chalets and clubs   Manage costs including labor excellence in experience and cost effectiveness   Schedule, coordinate, and supervise the premium food and beverage team members and operation from set up through event and strike   Partner with front and back of house management to ensure event day operations are effective and a success for guests and team members   Handle guest relations and monitor adherence to quality assurance standards   Ensure compliance with federal, state, local, and company regulations regarding service of alcohol, OSHA, payroll, and employment guidelines   Qualifications    Minimum of three years' hospitality management experience required, preferably in a high-volume setting   Valid Drivers License   Strong managerial and leading ability   Experience with inventory, cost control, and purchasing required   Financial management accountability and budgeting experience required   Ability to analyze data and make decisions independently   Ability to work evenings, weekends, and holidays   Servsafe preferred but not mandatory, No degree required but preferred   Who We Are     Patina Restaurant Group is a leader in the premium segment of the restaurant and catering industry, operating restaurants and managing catering and food service operations at high-profile venues including, Lincoln Center, Walt Disney World®, Disneyland®, the Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, and The Metropolitan Opera. Patina Restaurant Group was recently named one of America's Top 25 restaurant groups by Nation's Restaurant News.
    At Delaware North, you’ll love where you work, who you work with, and how your day unfolds. Whether it’s in sporting venues, casinos, airports, national parks, iconic hotels, or premier restaurants, there’s no telling where your career can ultimately take you. We empower you to do great work in a company with 100 years of success, stability and growth. If you have drive and enjoy the thrill of making things happen - share our vision and grow with us.  Delaware North Companies, Incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Delaware North is an equal opportunity employer.