Job Title: Regulatory Reporting Analyst
Company: MUFG Securities Americas Inc.
Location: 1251 Ave Of The Americas, New York, NY 10019

Job Description:
 Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?   Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 7th largest financial group in the world. Across the globe, we’re 120,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, building long-term relationships, serving society, and fostering shared and sustainable growth for a better world.   With a vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group, it’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. This means investing in talent, technologies, and tools that empower you to own your career.   Join MUFG, where being inspired is expected and making a meaningful impact is rewarded.  The selected colleague will work at an MUFG office or client sites four days per week and work remotely one day. A member of our recruitment team will provide more details.
   Job Summary:  The Regulatory Reporting Analyst reports to the Regulatory Reporting Manager and is responsible for the timely and accurate preparation and filing of various financial regulatory reports (including daily 15c3-1 daily net capital computation) in compliance with all regulatory requirements, Company policies and procedures, and generally accepted accounting principles.  This position supports multiple cross-functional regulatory reporting efforts.   Regulatory Reporting Analyst role responsibilities including:     Preparation of daily 15c3-1 daily net capital computation for MUFG US Broker Dealer.   Compute moment-to-moment capital charges on underwriting deals.   Assist with preparing the monthly and quarterly regulatory reports.   Reconcile subledger trade details to Oracle general ledger to ensure adequacy of accounting records.   Coordination with multiple groups across the organization to confirm financial data and static data for regulatory reports.   Maintenance/update procedure documentation related to new regulatory requirements to ensure firm’s compliance.   Participate in the research and implementation of new and revised regulatory reporting requirements, as well as the evaluation of regulatory requirements for new products/transactions   Ad hoc projects and reporting, as requested, including participation in the regulatory reporting automation project.    Qualifications:    1-3 years of Regulatory or Accounting experience in the financial industry   Bachelor's degree in accounting or finance   Microsoft Excel proficient (Pivot Tables, V-Look ups, Macros)   Highly proactive, identifies issues quickly, resourceful and collaborative   Strong attention to detail   Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal)   Able to multitask efficiently and effectively    The typical base pay range for this role is between $76K - $96K depending on job-related knowledge, skills, experience and location. This role may also be eligible for certain discretionary performance-based bonus and/or incentive compensation. Additionally, our Total Rewards program provides colleagues with a competitive benefits package (in accordance with the eligibility requirements and respective terms of each) that includes comprehensive health and wellness benefits, retirement plans, educational assistance and training programs, income replacement for qualified employees with disabilities, paid maternity and parental bonding leave, and paid vacation, sick days, and holidays. For more information on our Total Rewards package, please click the link below.  MUFG Benefits Summary  The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.
  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender expression, gender identity, sex, age, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran and military status, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status of an individual or that individual’s associates or relatives that is protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.
