Job Title: Remote WFM Capacity Planning Analyst
Company: AAA The Auto Club Group
Location: United States

Job Description:
   It’s a great time to join AAA The Auto Club Group!
      JOIN THE TEAM COMMITTED TO DRIVING YOUR CAREER FORWARD
      Job Type:
   Full time
            Exempt/Non Exempt:
        
  Salary
     Job Description:
      Position Description
      Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
      Responsible for determining capacity needs (for both short-term and long-term planning periods) across all channels. Duties may include:
     Create and maintain long term capacity plans for multiple contact center departments.   Partner with Workforce Management analysts, Marketing, Training, Recruiting, Finance and other business leaders to ensure forecasts, hiring plans, training plans, marketing plans, and other reporting is accurate and accounted for in capacity plans and department budgets.   Collaborate across boundaries with other Auto Club Group departments to ensure capacity planning information is accurate and available to business leaders and appropriate departments.   Ensure Forecasting and Scheduling analysts have the necessary capacity planning information to perform their jobs.   Support recruiting efforts including with internal and external partners.   Maintain and analyze workforce performance, leads analysis, and recommends staffing changes for continuous improvement.   Oversee retrieval of key data, the analysis of that data, as well as the data integrity of databases being utilized by contact centers.   Create and maintain reporting which brings valuable insights and guides decision making.   Display a passion for learning and seeks to improve upon their own expertise and areas of opportunity.   Provide exceptional customer service to internal and external customers.   Leverage technology to improve upon Workforce Management processes.      Supervisory Responsibilities:
     none
      Total Compensation Overview
     WFM Capacity Planners will earn a competitive salary of $49,100 to $76,300 annually with annual bonus potential based on performance.   Excellent and comprehensive benefits packages are just another reason to work for the Auto Club Group. Benefits include:
        401k Match     Medical     Dental     Vision     PTO     Paid Holidays     Tuition Reimbursement         Required Qualifications
     Education:
     College level coursework in Computer Science, Business Administration or a related field      Experience:
     3+ years of experience with capacity planning is required.   Experience with multiple location management - multi-state environments   Demonstrated successful management of multiple and/or competing priorities/projects   Previous experience implementing system software upgrades/changes   Experience maintaining voice communication systems   Process improvement   Managing vendor relationships   Customer service (telephone-based)   Experience with Inter-departmental collaboration      Knowledge and Skills:
     Manage scheduling software   Identify/resolve technical problems   Forecast work volume   Call flow logic   Conduct system performance evaluation   Conduct system testing   Maintain telephone switch systems   Advanced knowledge of scheduling/forecasting systems   Oversee workforce management systems (including call forecasting/resource scheduling)   Knowledge of Customer interaction center management/service delivery (best practices)   Industry-standard telephone procedures   Current telephonic technologies (e.g. Lucent, Geotel)   Communication software   Company products and services   Statistical methods and analysis   Microsoft Office Suite; to include expert level knowledge of Excel   Functional knowledge of SQL - writing and modifying queries   Database Data flows/data definitions   Data base structures   Network software   Network routing systems   Call flow logic   Assess impact of operational changes on staffing/procedures   Ability to communicate effectively with others both orally and in writing – to include presentations   Develop/document systems procedures   Provide guidance and direction to others   Ability to represent company with vendors   Work under pressure to meet deadlines      Preferred Qualifications
     Bachelor’s degree   1+ years in a contact center environment is preferred.   1+ years of Workforce Management experience is preferred.      Work Environment
     This is a remote call center position. Call Center employees work remote full-time. An exception to this would be in the case of connectivity or service level issues, in which employees would be required to report temporarily to a designated ACG facility (if located     #LI-Remote
      Who We Are
     Become a part of something bigger.
      The Auto Club Group (ACG) provides membership, travel, insurance, and financial service offerings to approximately 14+ million members and customers across 14 states and 2 U.S. territories through AAA, Meemic, and Fremont brands. ACG belongs to the national AAA federation and is the second largest AAA club in North America.
      By continuing to invest in more advanced technology, pursuing innovative products, and hiring a highly skilled workforce, AAA continues to build upon its heritage of providing quality service and helping our members enjoy life’s journey through insurance, travel, financial services, and roadside assistance.
      And when you join our team, one of the first things you’ll notice is that same, whole-hearted, enthusiastic advocacy for each other.
      We have positions available for every walk of life! AAA prides itself on creating an inclusive and welcoming environment of diverse backgrounds, experiences, and viewpoints, realizing our differences make us stronger.
      To learn more about AAA The Auto Club Group visit 
     www.aaa.com
           Important Note:
          ACG’s Compensation philosophy is to provide a market-competitive structure of fair, equitable and performance-based pay to attract and retain excellent talent that will enable ACG to meet its short and long-term goals. ACG utilizes a geographic pay differential as part of the base salary compensation program. Pay ranges outlined in this posting are based on the various ranges within the geographic areas which ACG operates. Salary at time of offer is determined based on these and other factors as associated with the job and job level.
          The above statements describe the principal and essential functions, but not all functions that may be inherent in the job. This job requires the ability to perform duties contained in the job description for this position, including, but not limited to, the above requirements. Reasonable accommodations will be made for otherwise qualified applicants, as needed, to enable them to fulfill these requirements.
          The Auto Club Group, and all its affiliated companies, is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
          Regular and reliable attendance is essential for the function of this job.
          AAA The Auto Club Group is committed to providing a safe workplace. Every applicant offered employment within The Auto Club Group will be required to consent to a background and drug screen based on the requirements of the position.
   