Job Title: Senior Enterprise Architect
Company: Peraton
Location: United States

Job Description:
 About Peraton  Peraton is a next-generation national security company that drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world's leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted, highly differentiated solutions and technologies to protect our nation and allies. Peraton operates at the critical nexus between traditional and nontraditional threats across all domains: land, sea, space, air, and cyberspace. The company serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies and supports every branch of the U.S. armed forces. Each day, our employees do the can't be done by solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers. Visit peraton.com to learn how we're keeping people around the world safe and secure.
  Responsibilities  
  Peraton is seeking a Senior Zero Trust Enterprise Architect to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position can be worked remotely. This qualified applicant will become part of Peraton's United States Coast Guard (USCG) Infrastructure Managed Services (IMS) Program. This program is an enterprise delivery service consisting of several consolidated task orders and is executed to bring innovation and modernization to the USCG enterprise IT environment, within a managed service business model. The USCG enterprise encompasses an extensive range of IT services and has unique solution challenges to meet their mission needs. 
  
  Day to Day Work Responsibilities:   
  
   Provides support the development, design, modernization, and migration activities within a DOD multi-cloud environment   This role demands a blend of technical expertise, strategic vision, leadership, and effective communication skills to drive successful outcomes for the organization   Stay updated with evolving cyber threats, vulnerabilities, and security trends. Review and analyze the organization's existing security infrastructure and identify potential weaknesses   Develop and design a comprehensive Zero Trust security framework aligned with the organization's business objectives. This includes defining access policies, network segmentation, identity and access management (IAM), encryption standards, and continuous monitoring strategies   Collaborate with IT teams to implement Zero Trust initiatives such as such as DOD Zero Trust Strategy, TIC 3.0, Zero Trust Architectures, and DevSecOps across the organization's network, applications, databases, and cloud environments to improve an agencies security posture. Ensure seamless integration of security protocols without disrupting business operations   Conduct risk assessments and identify potential attack vectors. Develop strategies and protocols to mitigate risks associated with unauthorized access, insider threats, and external breaches   Implement robust IAM solutions such as multi-factor authentication (MFA), least privilege access, and identity governance. Ensure proper authentication and authorization mechanisms for all users, devices, and applications   Design, implement, and support network segmentation strategies to create micro-perimeters and restrict lateral movement within the network. Employ segmentation to isolate critical assets and limit the spread of potential threats   Establish mechanisms for continuous monitoring of network traffic, user behaviors, and access patterns. Develop incident response plans and protocols to promptly address security incidents and breaches.   Ensure success and compliance with industry regulations, standards, and organizational policies. Establish governance frameworks to maintain adherence to Zero Trust principles across the organization   Work closely with cross-functional teams, including security analysts, network engineers, developers, and business stakeholders. Communicate Zero Trust principles, requirements, and best practices effectively. Create documentation, guidelines, and training materials to educate employees and stakeholders about Zero Trust concepts, policies, and procedures    Qualifications  
  Basic Qualifications: 
  
  
   Bachelor's degree with 8 years' experience or Master's degree with 6 years' experience or HS Diploma/equivalent and 12 years experience   U.S. Citizenship Required; nust have an active Secret security clearance   Applicant will have extensive knowledge and experience of Zero Trust frameworks to protect critical assets and data from evolving cyber threats   8+ years of hands-on experience within the DHS Environment or DOD Environment   8+ years of experience with Okta, Ping Identity, CrowdStrike, SailPoint, Azure, AWS, Zscaler, Palo Alto, and other Zero Trust-enabling technology and cloud providers   5+ years of experience with DLP, Data Privacy, Disaster Recovery, and other Data Security Strategies   8+ years of developing systems requirements and design specifications   8+ years of experience regarding industry best practices in cyber security, threat management and proactive avoidance with both cloud-based and on-premises solutions   Experience leading and collaborating with technical teams of diverse IT related skill sets   Extensive knowledge and understanding of various cloud technologies and deploying those services in Government environments   Hands-on experience architecting, and serving as an escalation point to senior engineers on complex cloud solutions   Strong attention to detail, multitasking, and analytical skills   Ability to work independently and as part of a team   Exemplary communication, analytical skills, and technical knowledge across the client environment  Preferred Qualifications: 
  
  
   Certifications such as IAT II Certified (Sec+, CCNA Security), or knowledge of Cybersecurity Framework, Risk Management, NIST 800-83 Rev 5 is preferred Target Salary Range   $112,000 - $179,000. This represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
  
  SCA / Union / Intern Rate or Range  
  EEO  An Equal Opportunity Employer including Disability/Veteran.
  
  Our Values  
  Benefits  At Peraton, our benefits are designed to help keep you at your best beyond the work you do with us daily. We're fully committed to the growth of our employees. From fully comprehensive medical plans to tuition reimbursement, tuition assistance, and fertility treatment, we are there to support you all the way.
  
  
   Paid Time-Off and Holidays  Retirement  Life & Disability Insurance  Career Development  Tuition Assistance and Student Loan Financing  Paid Parental Leave  Additional Benefits  Medical, Dental, & Vision Care 