Job Title: Senior Revenue Analyst
Company: Outten & Golden
Location: New York, NY

Job Description:
               Outten & Golden LLP is seeking a Senior Revenue Analyst. The successful candidate will contribute to a diverse range of functions as a member of the Firm’s Finance team, reporting directly to the Chief Financial Officer, with significant room to take initiative and play an impactful role.
         
              The Firm enjoys a strong national reputation for representing employees, executives, and partners in all areas of employment law—from representing senior executives in contract negotiations, to protecting individuals’ civil rights in the workplace, to combating worker exploitation and systemic discrimination in class action and impact litigation. We take pride in our decision to represent employees exclusively as advocates for workplace fairness. Moreover, the Firm is committed to an equitable workplace and strongly values diversity, equity, and inclusion.
         
              Responsibilities:                            Develop relationships with Firm partners, assist with individual partner business analysis, and consistently meet with partners to help evaluate and improve revenue from ongoing and prospective matters.       Monitor analytics and work with individual partners, the CFO, and other members of the Finance committee to ensure that matters result in acceptable revenue metrics while furthering the Firm’s mission.       Closeout of contingency, class action, and settlement matters, ensuring proper allocation to timekeepers and payouts to co-counsel in a timely manner.       Working alongside the billing team, review and bill hourly and flat-fee matters monthly, with an expectation that billing is completed within two weeks of month end, with return of any unused retainer amounts.       Working with the firm’s Matter Management and Conflicts Attorney, review matter setup and ensure that matter records include accurate information to assist in overall Firm reporting.       Proactively assume other duties as necessary.         
              Qualifications:         
              The successful candidate will have a combination of employment, educational, and life experience that demonstrates the qualities and skills below:
         
              Education and Experience: You have an accounting degree (undergraduate required and advanced preferred) and a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience with advanced Excel skills (including the ability to work with pivot tables and create simple macros) required, as well as the ability to work with business intelligence (Power BI, Tableau, or similar). Additionally, you are someone that is inquisitive and have shown an ability to understand complex business models and develop relationships with partners or business owners. Experience with software implementation is preferred.       Leadership: You have a proven track record of developing and leading initiatives and process improvements in a collaborative environment.       Confidentiality: You must be able to adhere to Firm policies regarding the protection of confidential data and demonstrate sensitivity to (and good judgment in connection with) confidential attorney, personnel, and Firm matters.       Clear Communication and Attention to Detail: You express yourself clearly and concisely, always highlighting the most important information. You proactively communicate the status of your work and share updates with colleagues when necessary. You ensure that your work is mistake free.       Flexibility and Organization: You are versatile and able to respond quickly and positively to shifting demands and opportunities. You are comfortable in an environment where your responsibilities may vary from day to day. You demonstrate a “no job too big, no job too small” attitude, and take a collaborative, team-focused approach to rejuggling priorities and contributing to Firm tasks. You are comfortable balancing tasks of varying levels of urgency and complexity and work well under pressure with tight deadlines.       Ownership, Initiative, and Teamwork: You take ownership of your projects and follow through on their completion. You proactively anticipate, communicate, and work to independently resolve obstacles you encounter in your work. You possess a strong customer-service orientation and ability to work well within a team. You are able to establish and maintain strong working relationships with employees, clients, and other professionals.       Mission Orientation: You are enthusiastic and passionate about our commitment to advocating for employee rights. You thrive when your work is connected to purpose.       Schedule: The person in this full-time role will be expected to be physically present in the Firm’s New York office four days per week (working remotely up to one day per week), with the option to request a more flexible arrangement after six months with the Firm.         
              Compensation: An attractive compensation package (tailored to experience), with a target base compensation range of $110,000 to $125,000 per year (exempt). Outten & Golden offers our employees a robust benefits package including healthcare benefits.
         
              Outten & Golden LLP is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
         
              Outten & Golden LLP is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recruiting@outtengolden.com.
         
              In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
         
              Agency submissions are not accepted through this portal and only accepted with a prior fee agreement in place.
          