Job Title: Subcontract Administrator
Company: Michigan Public Health Institute (MPHI)
Location: Remote

Job Description:
      MPHI is a Michigan-based and nationally engaged, non-profit public health institute. We are a team of teams, process and content experts, dedicated to building A world where tomorrow is healthier than today!     
   
         Title: Subcontracts Administrator
    
        $28.84 - $36.06 / Posted Thru: 8-16-24
       
    
       Location: Remote/Virtual - Michigan Residency Preferred
       
    
       Purpose: The Grant Administrator is responsible for the day-to-day post award administration of grants, contracts & pre and post awards administration of subcontracts. This position provides excellent customer service and serves as the point of contact for internal and external parties and program personnel as related to subcontract negotiations and execution.
       
    
       Duties and Responsibilities:       
    
       Grants/Contracts Responsibilities (Funding agreements coming into MPHI)       
    
       Review awarded grants and contracts for terms and conditions to ensure subcontracts have all mandatory terms included. 
    Ensure that any mandatory terms that need to be flowed down into subcontracts, get put into subcontract templates. 
          Maintain knowledge of and interpret pertinent regulations regarding the receipt and administration of grants and contracts.       
                  Subcontract Administration (Post Award agreements/funding going out)       
    
       Develop and process subcontracts as needed for program areas. 
    Develop and process subcontract and amendments for language changes and inclusion of various flow-down requirements/attachments/exhibits prior to recommending subcontract for approval. 
    Track and maintain status of subcontracts daily. 
    Follow up on outstanding information that is needed. 
    Process subcontracts and other agreements through Docusign for execution. 
    Request and track the completion of form W-9 by subcontractors and/or vendors. 
    Serve as the first line contact for program inquiries regarding subcontracting process. 
    Assist with subcontractor inquiries and direct appropriate questions to program/ financial staff. 
    Assist with creation and maintenance of purchase orders for subcontractors. 
    Develop and execute subcontract amendments. 
    Maintain the Schedule of Awards spreadsheet with up-to-date subcontract information. 
    Aid in analyzing and developing improved policies, plans, methods, procedures and systems of post award grant administration.       
    
          Financial & Other Responsibilities       
    
       Review project budgets. 
    Assist with audit preparation as needed. 
    All other duties assigned. 
    Always maintain a positive, strong, credible, professional and interpersonal relationship with all parties relevant of MPHI projects and represent the best interest of MPHI at all times.       
                  Qualifications/Requirements:       
    
       Education: Possession of a bachelor’s degree in a business-related field. Grant and Contract development and management experience preferred.
       
    
       Experience: A minimum of two to five years of related and progressively more responsible work experience in contract and grants development and administration. Experience understanding and following state and federal grant and contract requirements preferred. Understanding of subrecipient and vendor statuses is preferred. Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications specifically Microsoft Word & Excel.
       
    
       Important Skills and Characteristics:       
    
    
        Ability to independently manage a variety of projects while ensuring appropriate tracking, quality control, follow-up and multiple deadlines are met. 
    Ability to manage multiple grants and contracts with multiple, non-standard fiscal year reporting requirements. 
    Ability to follow complex oral and written directions. 
    Possess a high level of attention to detail and understand the audit implications of the work performed. 
    Ability to problem solve in a team environment with frequent deadline pressures and to accurately complete duties in a timely manner. 
    Strong organization and scheduling skills. 
    Excellent judgment and ability to make decisions is imperative. 
    Possess strong customer service skills and present a professional image. 
    Must be able to clearly and effectively express ideas or positions both orally and in writing. 
    Must be able to accommodate flexible scheduling during audit and/or proposal submission deadline periods.       
                  Work Environment and Physical Requirements: Job may require minimal physical effort including lifting materials and equipment of     
    
       RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE WORK OF OTHERS: No assigned responsibility.
       
    
       IMPACT ON PROJECTS, SERVICES AND OPERATIONS: This position provides customer service to external and internal customers as well as responsibility for the day-to-day administrative functions of the grants and contracts area. Competent and timely performance in this position has a substantial impact on the integrity and professional reputation of MPHI.
       
    
       REQUIRED COMMUNICATION       
    
        Contact Person/Group Frequency Purpose              
                                  Director of Grants and Contracts
               
                           Daily
               
                                 Direction
               
                 
                               F&C team
               
                           Daily
               
                           Direction/Consultation
               
                 
                               MPHI Staff
               
                           Daily
               
                           Questions/Consultation
               
                 
                               Clients
               
                           As Needed
               
                           Status Updates
               
                 
                               Subcontractors
               
                           As Needed
               
                           Status Updates
               
                 
                 “For purposes of employment standards, this classification is “Non-Exempt” from the overtime provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act.”
        
   
       MPHI works with you to promote health for everyone. Together, we will build a world where tomorrow is healthier than today!   
     MPHI is an EEO/AA employer that participates with e-verify.
   